Add cert-manager documentation (#1317)
minio/docs: source/operations/network-encryption.rst

      If you have a custom Subject Alternative Name (SAN) certificate that is *not* also a wildcard cert, the TLS certificate SAN **must** apply to the hostname for its parent node.
      Without a wildcard, the SAN must match exactly to be able to connect to the tenant.

   Certificate Management with cert-manager
   ----------------------------------------

>    Rather than the MinIO Operator managing certificates, you can configure the deployment to use `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The MinIO Operator supports using  `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/>`__ as a full replacement for its built-in automatic certificate management *or* user-driven manual certificate management.
```

Author: 👍

>    Rather than then MinIO Operator managing certificates, you can configure the deployment to use `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Rather than the MinIO Operator managing certificates, you can configure the deployment to use `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/>`__.
```
